27/05/2025 - Set up the repo for the Hunt the Wumpus project. 
Spent some time learning about the orignal 1973 game
Created the cave class document and wrote the first attribute (name and description).
30/05/2025 - Write the main.py program to call the class and make the first cave object.
Modified the attribute to set up name on iniitalisation
Wrote setter and getter methods for each attribute> Started planning the layout of the caves
02/06/2025 - Wrote a dictionary attribute to store the links to other caves objects.
Wrote and tested a method to print the linked_caves dictionary to the terminal.
03/06/2025 - Added code to the main program to allow the player to move between 
different cave objects. Set up a new Character class and test program. 
Created "Harry - The smelly, dirty Wumpus" in the tst program and tested the conversations method.
04/06/2025 - Created and tested a weakness character for Wumpus, also created Enemy. Added an ability (weakness) for characters to use as an advantage to beat the smelly Wumpus. 
Character is able to fight with what they want to choose, also created a weakness for the wumpus. Created new defines ( combat item, weakness, fight, and more)
06/06/2025 - Finished testing the chracter in the char_test.py file. Added harry object to the main program and added it to the dungeon object, Reworked the main loop to report if a chracter is in a cave. Added more code to the main loop to accept different inputs(moving, talking and fighting) - still need to finish the code to manage fighting.
10/06/2025 - Finished tutorial, starting to add own things
16/06/2025 - Replaced linked.caves with more directions and replace them with new attribute names, began to organise all attributes of each named linked cave. Starting to expand and make more rooms for the character to start going to, expanding on the game to have more options and more places to go. Kind of struggled at the beginnging when i was finding what was making the orginal directions for the character to go but ended up finding it on my own without asking AI to help me find. Once i found this, it was pretty smooth from there and js tweaked what i wanted to tweak today.
17/06/2025 - I created links towards mutiple areas around my coding, able to go back and forth and interact with a new character called Owner. This was kind of a struggle figuring out but got it done. Also made a lower.() so that if a user types something in lowercase it still works instead of crashing. Was kind of hard but is okay.
18/06/2025 - Created new cave called Boss fight Arena, this is where harry the big wumpus is going to be. Was a confusing but understood once got guidance by bradley. Easy to make
27/06/2025 - Created a new file for inventory, creating a key for a character to pick up and use for the basement that requires a key. Was kind of confusing at first but asked for help with comrades and they made it make sense and know planning to fix and finish this inventory file later on during weekend and next week. Putting it all together and then finish the coding and start on documentation.
04/06/2025 - I fixed alot of the inventory.py and main.py, it took some time to figure out and asked copilot if there is any errors that i need to fix. asking where the errors is and it helped me, i understand where i went wrong though was abit troublesome with organising all the if and else statements in both main and inventory py's, overall, went rough but understood and learnt something new today on making sure i have everything organised and checking for errors throughout my project. Havent touched in long time due to me being sick and busy of family emergencies.
09/07/2025 - Completed the picking up key and using it for basement coding, it was kind of struggle due to linking and correcting placements of print functions and if statements. Read it throughly and understood what i had to add, and also added a GPS that tells you where you are during the game so you know where you are. also planning to add more weapons in the weaponry that a character ( us ), that we can pick up and use for the boss fight arena, when fighitng against hunt the wumpus.
10/07/2025 - Today was abit of a struggle, searching how i can add little things but made it difficult due to understanding the coding for abit. Though I had to ask Chatgpt what this meant and why did i need this. I understood and knew what i needed to add in order for me to finish this whole coding. Little improvements need to be made over the time during this weekend. But will finish very soon and start on my documentation.
25/07/2025 - Took inspiration from jarrons map (give him extra marks), learnt how to make a map by Jarron Evangilista, also was a kind of easy task but just every long. Planning to call it next lesson or probably at home. Today was just adding new things to make my thing more clearer to see for people, and organise alot better.
28/07/2025 - Finally called my map into my main.py, just needed to know where to properly place it, got assistance from Bradley Yousef, explained why there and in what line. I understood and then I also remove some text when running the program due to it being hard to read since many words and also a map it provides you, made it more cleaner and now just shows location. also fixed spelling, today was kind of easy. just fixing and removing things to make it more easy to read and cleaner in my coding.
29/07/2025 - I unfortunately did not save but I fixed coding in the area of Harry the Wumpus, so that when we obtain a weapon from weaponary, we can use it against Him and beat the game. but still crashes so i will fix tommorow, was abit of a trouble because it wasnt identifying or being called to anything. 